NServiceBus scheduler obsolete as of version 8 (#5046)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/7to8/index.md

## NServiceBus Azure Host

The `NServiceBus.Hosting.Azure` and `NServiceBus.Hosting.Azure.HostProcess` are deprecated.See the [NServiceBus Azure Host upgrade guide](/nservicebus/upgrades/acs-host-7to8.md) for details and alternatives.

## NServiceBus Scheduler

> In Version 8 the scheduler API has been deprecated in favour of options like [sagas](/nservicebus/sagas/) and production-grade schedulers like Hangfire, Quarts, FluentScheduler etc.

Reviewer: I think we do `en-US` in docs?

Use the following steps to migrate existing scheduled tasks:

1. Create a message-type named after the scheduled task, eg. `public class MyScheduledTask : IMessage {}`
1. Add a message handler for the message and move the code executed in `.ScheduleEvery()` into the `Handle` method of the handler.
1. Create a .NET Timer with the same interval as the scheduled task and use `IMessageSession.SendLocal` to send a `MyScheduledTask` message to the local endpoint instance

> INFO: The Version 7 behaviour is to not retry the task on failures so make sure to wrap the business logic in a `try` `catch` statement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
INFO: The Version 7 behavior is to **not** retry the task on failures, so make sure to wrap the business logic in a `try` `catch` statement.
```

> Use the following steps to migrate existing scheduled tasks:
> 
> 1. Create a message-type named after the scheduled task, eg. `public class MyScheduledTask : IMessage {}`
> 1. Add a message handler for the message and move the code executed in `.ScheduleEvery()` into the `Handle` method of the handler.
> 1. Create a .NET Timer with the same interval as the scheduled task and use `IMessageSession.SendLocal` to send a `MyScheduledTask` message to the local endpoint instance
> 
> INFO: The Version 7 behavior is to **not** retry the task on failures, so make sure to wrap the business logic in a `try` `catch` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommendation is to create a .NET Timer with the same interval as the scheduled task and use `IMessageSession.SendLocal that sends a message to process. Using message processing has the benefit of using Recoverability and uses a Transactional context. If these benefits are unwanted then do not send a message at all and directly invoke logic from the timer.

INFO: The Version 7 behavior is to **not** retry the task on failures, so make sure to wrap the business logic in a `try` `catch` statement if you would want a similar experience to prevent any retries.
```
